# RollingDiceGame
Let’s roll some dice! Write a program that allows the user to choose to roll between 1 and 100 dice between 1 and 1000 times.
For as many times as the user has indicated, the program should simulate rolling the number of dice specified and determine the total for the roll. The range of possible values will be based on the number of dice specified. For example: for 1 die the roll value will be between 1 and 6; for 4 dice the roll value will be between 4 and 24.
The program should use an array to keep count of the number of times each possible total is rolled. For example, if rolling 1 die the array values will represent how many times a 1 is rolled, how many times a 2 is rolled, how many times a 3 is rolled, how many times a 4 is rolled, how many times a 5 is rolled, how many times a 6 is rolled….if rolling 3 dice, the array values will represent how many times a 3 through 18 is rolled. (Note: the array does not store the values that are being rolled – instead each value in the array is a count of how many times the value associated with the index has been rolled.)
After all the rolls are complete the program should print the results in a histogram where each roll is represented by an *. The histogram should be printed to the screen and to a file. There should be a separate file for each “play” in the program session. These files can be overwritten with each run of the program. The program should contain a separate method that is used to print out the histogram.
The user should be able to “play” as many times as they like.
